docs(menu): update docs about `routerLink` (#4543)
Tencent/tdesign-vue-next: src/menu/menu.en-US.md

icon | Slot / Function | - | Typescript：`TNode`。[see more ts definition](https://github.com/Tencent/tdesign-vue-next/blob/develop/src/common.ts) | N
replace | Boolean | false | \- | N
router | Object | - | Typescript：`Record<string, any>` | N

> routerLink | Boolean | - | `1.5.0`。This API is valid if and only if the Router exists. Enable menu item content to be rendered as an `<a />` consistent with router-link behavior. | N

Reviewer: ```suggestion
routerLink | Boolean | - | `1.3.11`。This API is valid if and only if the Router exists. Enable menu item content to be rendered as an `<a />` consistent with router-link behavior. | N
```
